[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Coming soon to "GaiaSphere."
>> We'll bring you news
of incredible discoveries.
>> You just don't
know what to expect.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> I would highly
recommend coming in person
to the conference.
>> This is the ultimate
secret of the pre-flood world.
>> On a new episode
of "Crystals."
>> In this episode, you'll learn
all about crystal grids and how
they can be phenomenal
collaborators when it comes
to conscious and
intentional living.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> When we move into what I call
flow mode or life is happening
now through us instead of
life is happening by me,
this is when we start to
awaken to that divine spark
of infinite intelligence.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> Everything about these
teachings is about trying
to share with people what I am
learning and continue to learn
is slow down.
And when you slow down,
everything comes to you.
>> Only on "Gaia."
[MUSIC PLAYING]